feat(olm-catalog) : Generated alm-examples in a pretty format (#1793)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Generating `alm-examples` in a pretty format ([#1793](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1793))

Reviewer: Let's be more descriptive here. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
- The `operator-sdk olm-catalog gen-csv` command now produces indented, newline-delimited JSON for the `alm-examples` annotation. ([#1793](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1793))
```

Author: Done 👍

- Document new compile-time dependency `mercurial` in user-facing documentation. ([#1683](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1683))
- Adds new flag `--zap-time-encoding` to the flagset provided by `pkg/log/zap`. This flag configures the timestamp format produced by the zap logger. See the [logging doc](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/doc/user/logging.md) for more information. ([#1529](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1529))
- Generating `alm-examples` in a pretty format ([#1793](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1793))

### Changed

- **Breaking change:** CSV config field `role-path` is now `role-paths` and takes a list of strings. Users can now specify multiple `Role` and `ClusterRole` manifests using `role-paths`. ([#1704](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1704))

> 

Reviewer 2: Remove this newline

Author: 👍 done. tks

- **Breaking change:** CSV config field `role-path` is now `role-paths` and takes a list of strings. Users can now specify multiple `Role` and `ClusterRole` manifests using `role-paths`. ([#1704](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1704))
- Make `ready` package idempotent. Now, a user can call `Set()` or `Unset()` to set the operator's readiness without knowing the current state. ([#1761](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1761))

### Deprecated

### Removed

> 

Reviewer: Remove these four lines from the v0.10.0 section.

Author: 👍
